v5.1.0: Selected rows are now highlighted in the XPath Runner.
v5.0.1: Fixed XMLNS handling in the XPath Runner.
v5.0.0: The XML parser now falls back to ignoring DTD processing when a DTD-related error occurs. Renamed the plugin from "XPath Information" to "XPath Tools", as the feature suite has increased a lot over the past 4 years.
v4.3.0: The XPath format used by the statusbar can now be changed via the options page.
v4.2.2: DTD processing is now enabled when parsing XML documents.
v4.2.1: The XPath runner tool window no longer loads on Visual Studio startup.
v4.2.0: IoC container simplification and styling fixes.
v4.1.0: UX and styling improvements.
v4.0.1: Fixed an issue reg. attribute XML namespaces.
v4.0.0.2: Package preview image updated.
v4.0.0.1: Description and "More Info URL" updated to improve usability.
v4.0.0: XPath query runner added as a tool window, available through the context menu.
v3.1.3: Fixed a compatibility issue with Visual Studio 2017 RC1 extension initialization order.
v3.1.2: Fixed a compatibility issue with Visual Studio 2012.
v3.1.1: Fixed a compatibility issue with .NET Framework 4.6 and Visual Studio 2013.
v3.1: A simplified XPath can now be copied to the clipboard, which excludes any XMLNS information.
v3.0: It's now possible to configure a list of XML attributes which will always be shown in the statusbar and will be copied to the clipboard when using the various "Copy XPath" commands from the context menu. Open "TOOLS -> Options" and scroll down to the "XPath Information" settings section for more details.
v2.1: A "shallow XML structure" can now be copied to the clipboard, containing the current element, it's ancestors and descendants; other siblings are excluded. This function is primarily intended for use with Sitecore CMS Web.config include files.
v2.0: Fixed XPath of elements in non-prefixed XML-namespaces. Two new XPath variants have been added which can be copied to the clipboard: absolute (index-based) and "distinct". "Distinct" generates a path matching a single element, by using the attributes "name", "id" or "type" found on elements in the path (if available).
v1.11: Fixed display of XPath information for elements spanning multiple lines.
v1.1: XPath information can now be copied to the clipboard by right-clicking on an XML element or attribute and selecting "Copy XPath" from the menu.
v1.0: XPath information is displayed in the statusbar when clicking an XML element or attribute.